Update Node version docs (#471)
18F/federalist.18f.gov: pages/documentation/node-on-federalist.md

## Specifying a Node version

> Federalist only supports active and maintenance LTS (long Term Support) [Node releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/), the default version is currently v12.x (erbium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federalist only supports active and maintenance LTS (Long Term Support) [Node releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/), the default version is currently v12.x (erbium).
```

You can specify a different version than the default by providing a file named `.nvmrc` at the root of your repository containing the desired version of Node. However, if an unsupported version is specified, the build will fail with a helpful error message. 

### Examples
Let the current active and maintenance LTS release be versions 10 and 12.

| .nvmrc | node version used |
|:------:|:-----------------:|
| none | `12` (latest) |
| `10.1.0` | `10.1.0` |
| `8` | fail |
| `13.x` | fail |

See [.nvmrc](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#nvmrc) for details on how to specifiy node versions.

## Excluding node modules

> When Federalist [installs dependencies](#installing-npm-dependencies) from npm, it will create a directory named `node_modules`. This is where it saves the downloaded dependencies. When using Node alongside Jekyll or Hugo, these may be built into a site if the build is not configured to ignore them, causing them to be uploaded. This can cause the time it takes to upload a site increase significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Federalist [installs dependencies](#installing-npm-dependencies) from npm, it creates a directory named `node_modules` where it saves the installed dependency files. When using Node alongside Jekyll or Hugo, these dependency files may be built into a site if the build is not configured to ignore them. This can cause the time it takes to upload a site to increase significantly.
```
